Optimize docs restructure (#483)
camunda-cloud/camunda-cloud-documentation: docs/components/optimize/what-is-optimize.md

---
id: what-is-optimize
title: What is Optimize?
---

> 

Reviewer: Could you also add an admonition and link to the Optimize guide?

Author: Done and done!

> Camunda is largely comprised of three key components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Camunda Cloud is built to handle three key aspects of process automation:
```
This is purely a suggestion, but let's tie this back to Camunda Cloud for sure. "Components" is an overloaded term, but I want to reserve to it mean the functional areas of Camunda Cloud - Zeebe, Modeler, Tasklist, Operate, Optimize, etc.

Author: Agreed 100%.

- Design
- Automate
- Improve

> A user can design process flows through tools like Cawemo and Modeler, and deploy applications via Modeler or an IDE into the server. A user can use Tasklist to review and complete tasks, and Operate to view and analyze process instances.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand "and deploy applications via Modeler or an IDE into the server." In a production scenario you could deploy through Camunda Modeler, Console Modeler, or programmatically. Maybe replace "an IDE" with programmatically to cover APIs and clients? 

Also can you link to the other components' documentation mentioned?

Author: Yes! Updated in latest commit.
